boom what's up everyone mark libido
Tigers fitness com at the arnold
schwarzenegger classic fitness weekend i
am at LA Fitness right now somewhere
near the expo now we were gonna train
man it's my man Shaun to her body to my
best friend hpn CEO is man Olly Olly
like Muhammad Ali float like a butterfly
sting like a bee making all kinds of
games doing all kinds of weight now I
was able to put some weight on here I
got to tell you guys i train monday
through thursday so friday saturday and
sunday i don't even have to train this
is a sirens the mean streets of columbus
send my hotel room watching myself for
the mirror as i masturbate and cry at
the same time look at that two plates on
each side but you know what we're not
looking at the way guys the weight
doesn't matter what matters is the fade
look at that fade look at Sean coming in
trying to one-up my fade but Sean knows
that the machines fade is not a game he
can't mess with the jewfro fade he's got
an Italian fade I got a jewfro fade and
it can't be faded you can't fade did you
profane look at Sean doing them weights
getting it up look at the guy in the
background do whatever the fuck he's
doing look at that look at that
intensity look at that focus look at
that facial hair look at that camouflage
shirt that shirt was soaked camouflage I
couldn't even see him I was like where'd
you go dude where'd you go oh he's
wearing camo that means he's blending in
with his surroundings look at that 30
pounds gains look at my nipples I'm cold
it's Ohio and my nipples are
consistently hard at all times yeah yeah
look at focus that look of intensity oh
it's Ali doing his thing rocking it on
the stupidest machine ever made why
don't have my I have to have my ass
lifted in the air to do a shoulder press
can somebody tell me what fucking dimwit
fucking designed hoist presses those are
just stupid lateral raises gains Sean
making love to the camera sensual sexual
just like what's that dude who makes
love to things oh yeah ron jeremy
peter north that's not really like
making love but regardless the machine
coming back arnold classic style I gotta
tell you we ran into pro sups the reason
I'm talking funny cuz I lost my voice
I'm trying to save it so I'm being look
at that taper look at him gains that
fade beautiful fucking fade isn't it
let's be real here so I know when pro
sups was there when I say TJ TJ from pro
soaps if I was gay he'd be the first man
I try to get in bed with me triceps yes
I have them they might not be the
largest triceps but as I tell my wife
it's not the size that counts well I
don't really tell her that at all were
married we really don't concern
ourselves with that so check it out
doing that here's Holly doing his thing
bringing it the most boring tricep
exercise in the world because he's
wearing sleeves which kind of takes away
it's like watching a porno with Jesus
jammies on it just doesn't really work
you know it's it's it's not working at
all man he needs more like a fucking
shirt or something anyway here we go
doing the dip machine something this
didn't really pull up ABS I will tell
you after spending all day at the expo
my abs just feel fucking sore standing
old Dale's there from 7am just 630pm was
crazy walking around didn't sit down cuz
you don't sit down and expose I got
people to see I got people to do that's
not a game anyway here we going on see
here's Sean was a slight bend forward
working the shoulders again check out
that man's fade I think I've made him
step of his fade game I really do I'm
helping improve the fade games of
millions of people across this country
people are neglecting their face not
keeping him hi not keep him tight now
the fades there hi there tight cable
kickbacks yes that was a close up of
Shawn's ass and I was laughing at the
time but deep down inside I was lusting
over it kicking back I'll know what to
do next image doing but yeah whatever I
think that's like a disco move
Oh